Add pointer to prlimit, fixes #6012 (#7878)
qgis/QGIS-Documentation: docs/user_manual/preamble/features.rst

    $ ulimit -Sn #number_of_allowed_open_files
    $ ulimit -Sn
    $ qgis
    

> Alternatively, from Linux kernel version 2.6.36 onward, you can use the newer ``prlimit`` utility. More info: https://manpages.ubuntu.com/manpages/jammy/man1/prlimit.1.html

Reviewer: From what I could see kernel 2.6.36 is released in 2010 so prlimit should already be available in most of the supported computers. And also, let's use a dynamic URL (I couldn't find how to reach their latest lts). Opinions?
```suggestion
Alternatively, you can use the newer ``prlimit`` utility. More info: https://manpages.ubuntu.com/manpages/latest/man1/prlimit.1.html
```

Author: > I couldn't find how to reach their latest lts

Yes, I was looking for that too but couldn't find it.
